Supply chain update solarwinds (#486)
cncf/sig-security: supply-chain-security/compromises/2020/solarwinds.md

> component of the Orion software framework that contains a backdoor that
> communicates via HTTP to third party servers. 

From article [2]:

> Although we do not know how the backdoor code made it into the library,
> from the recent campaigns, research indicates that the attackers might 
> have compromised internal build or distribution systems of SolarWinds,
> embedding backdoor code into a legitimate SolarWinds library with the 
> file name SolarWinds.Orion.Core.BusinessLayer.dll. This backdoor can 
> be distributed via automatic update platforms or systems in target 
> networks seen globally since March 2020. Microsoft security researchers 
> have limited information about how they compromised the said platforms
> at this point.

## Impact

While the overall initial impact is widespread and global, specific industries
and countries are reported as known impact:
* Government
* Finance
* Tech
* Telecomm

* North America
* Europe
* Middle East
* Asia

This compromise permitted data exfiltration and lateral movement through
Solarwinds customer environment via the Orion monitoring tool.

## Type of compromise

> While the specific details of how initial access occurred, initially it is
> understood that multiple compromises may have occurred:

Reviewer: This is a bit jumbled, perhaps
```suggestion
While the specific details of how initial access occurred are unknown, it is
understood that multiple compromises may have occurred:
```
